Add new guide for payment flows (#680)
centrapay/centrapay-docs: src/content/guides/payment-flows.mdx

---
title: Payment Flows
description: Centrapay facilitates secure and convenient transactions between customer and merchant devices, with multiple payment flows available for selection. Transact with ease and confidence using Centrapay.
nav:
  path: Reference/Centrapay Experiences
  order: 1
---

> Transacting via Centrapay requires customer and merchant devices to negotiate the creation and fulfillment of Payment Requests. There are multiple payment “flows” a merchant integration can select from to facilitate this negotiation. Which flow is employed will depend on the capabilities of the merchant system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transacting via Centrapay requires customer and merchant devices to negotiate the creation and fulfilment of [Payment Requests](https://docs.centrapay.com/api/payment-requests). There are multiple payment “flows” a merchant integration can select from to facilitate this negotiation. Which flow is employed will depend on the capabilities of the merchant system.
```

## Merchant-presented

When a merchant terminal has a customer-facing display it can prompt the customer to pay by showing a QR code.

### Dynamic Merchant QR Code

> 1. Merchant terminal [creates a payment request](https://docs.centrapay.com/api/payment-requests#create-a-payment-request) via Centrapay API and shows QR code on customer-facing display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Merchant terminal [creates a payment request](https://docs.centrapay.com/api/payment-requests#create-a-payment-request) via Centrapay API and shows the QR code on customer-facing display.
```
